The 'Intergalactic Skull Ball' League Table can be found at:
  www.doc.ic.ac.uk/~bb211/SkullBall/LeagueTable.html
and the permissions for the other files used have been set to visible for everyone at:
	www.doc.ic.ac.uk/~bb211/SkullBall/

This programme should be compatible for Firefox, Chrome and Opera. Some problems were encountered with
the upload function using IE8.
I recommend Chrome for this website as I carried out all the tests using this browser.
	
Contents of 'SkullBall' directory:
	LeagueTable.html
		HTML page showing the League Table.
		When the page loads, the table takes data from the 'rankings2.xml' file that keeps record of the
		current League rankings.
		The 'Upload Results File' allows the user to upload a file to the server that will be renamed
		'results.xml'. 
		To be able to observe the table change, the user needs to click the 'Load Results' button and 
		refresh the page.
		The same results file can be used any number of times to update the table, mainly for testing
		purposes (having to produce an XML file + uploading it + loading its contents is a bit tedious
		only to debug!).
		The teams with the most overall points appear at the top of the table and the teams with the least 
		overall points appear at the bottom of the table (The team with the highest number of goals is placed
		highest in case of even number of points). 
		
	rankings.xml
		XML file used to re-initialise the table (i.e. all teams having played 0 game)
		It can be invoked from 'LeagueTable.html' around line 111 in the xhttp.open() function call
		Do not forget to replace it with 'rankings2.xml' after the table is re-initialised as nothing
			is updated in this file (i.e. all the teams will always have 0 pts)
	
	rankings2.xml
		XML file used to record the current rankings.
		It is loaded along with the html page (around line 111 in the xhttp.open() function call).
		It is overwritten with the new rankings as soon as the new results are loaded (i.e. after clicking
		the 'Load Results' button on the 'LeagueTable.html' page).
		
	skullball.js
		JScript file that contains all the necessary functions (except the upload!) needed by 'LeagueTable.html' file.
	
	upclick-min.js
		JScript file that contains the function needed to upload a file. It's an open source project on which
		more information can be	found at: http://code.google.com/p/upload-at-click/
	
	upload.php
		PHP file that contains the Server-side script needed for the upload function to work properly.
		Any file that is uploaded using the 'Upload Results File' button is placed at the root of the 
		directory for easy access and is renamed 'results.xml'.
	
	write.php
		PHP file that contains the script needed to overwrite the 'rankings2.xml' file that keeps
		a record of the current rankings.
		
		
Do not hesitate to contact me if ever you have any questions: bricebanel@gmail.com